Allow setting the deployment target directly in the deploy option (#29652)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc

oc apply -f target/kubernetes/openshift.json
----

For users that prefer to keep the `application.properties` independent of the deployment platform, the deployment target can be specified directly in the deploy command by adding `-Dquarkus.kubernetes.deployment-target=openshift`

> next to `-Dquarkus.kubernetes.deploy=true`. The two properties can be collapsed into one: `-Dquarkus.openshift.deploy=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in addition to `-Dquarkus.kubernetes.deploy=true`. Furthermore, Quarkus allows for collapsing the two properties into a single one by using: `-Dquarkus.openshift.deploy=true`.
```

`quarkus.kubernetes.deployment-target=kubernetes,openshift`) then the resources for all targets are generated, but only the resources
that correspond to the *first* target are applied to the cluster (if deployment is enabled).

For users that prefer to keep the `application.properties` independent of the deployment platform, the deployment target can be specified directly in the deploy command by adding `-Dquarkus.kubernetes.deployment-target=knative`

> next to `-Dquarkus.kubernetes.deploy=true`. The two properties can be collapsed into one: `-Dquarkus.knative.deploy=true`.

Reviewer: Same as above
